README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# 🏗️ IFC Flow Map

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-14.2.0-black?logo=next.js)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19.0.0-61DAFB?logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-3.3.0-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![React Flow](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Flow-11.10.4-ff0072)](https://reactflow.dev/)

<p>A visual node-based tool for working with Industry Foundation Classes (IFC) files</p>

</div>

---

## 📋 Overview

IFC Flow Map provides a graphical interface for viewing, filtering, transforming, and analyzing Building Information Modeling (BIM) data through an intuitive workflow system. Create complex data manipulation pipelines with a simple drag-and-drop interface.

## ✨ Features

- 🔄 **Visual Node-Based Interface** - Create workflows by connecting nodes in a flow diagram
- 🏢 **IFC File Support** - Load and analyze IFC files for BIM data
- 🧩 **Multiple Node Types**:
  - 📁 **IFC Node** - Import IFC files
  - 📐 **Geometry Node** - Extract geometric information
  - 🔍 **Filter Node** - Filter elements based on properties
  - 🔄 **Transform Node** - Apply transformations to elements
  - 👁️ **Viewer Node** - Visualize 3D models
  - 📏 **Quantity Node** - Extract quantity information
  - 🏷️ **Property Node** - Work with element properties
  - 🔖 **Classification Node** - Manage element classifications
  - 📍 **Spatial Node** - Perform spatial queries
  - 💾 **Export Node** - Export data in various formats
  - 🔗 **Relationship Node** - Query element relationships
  - 📊 **Analysis Node** - Perform analyses like clash detection
  - 👀 **Watch Node** - Monitor element values
  - ⚙️ **Parameter Node** - Define workflow parameters
- 💾 **Workflow Storage** - Save and load workflows
- ⚡ **Real-time Execution** - Execute workflows and see results immediately
- ⌨️ **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Efficient workflow creation with keyboard shortcuts

## 🚀 Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

## 📖 How to Use

1. **Create a New Workflow** - Start with a blank canvas
2. **Add Nodes** - Drag and drop nodes from the sidebar
3. **Connect Nodes** - Create connections between node inputs and outputs
4. **Load IFC Files** - Use an IFC node to import your BIM data
5. **Configure Node Properties** - Set properties in the properties panel
6. **Execute Workflow** - Run the workflow to see results
7. **Save Your Workflow** - Save workflows for later use


## 📜 License

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0). This means:

- You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software
- If you modify the software, you must distribute your modifications under the same license
- If you run a modified version of this software on a server that others can interact with, you must make the source code available to them

See the [GNU AGPL-3.0 License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html) for more details.

## 📚 Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [React Flow Documentation](https://reactflow.dev/docs/introduction/)
- [Radix UI Documentation](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/overview/introduction)

## 🚀 Deployment

Deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), the platform from the creators of Next.js.

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed_on-Vercel-black?logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/)

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Update app logic, including caching of loaded IFC files and improved error handling in the export process. Enhance README with IfcOpenShell integration details, improve property node descriptions, and add new features for IFC property handling and export.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# 🏗️ IFC Flow Map

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)
[![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-14.2.0-black?logo=next.js)](https://nextjs.org/)
[![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-19.0.0-61DAFB?logo=react)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-3.3.0-38B2AC?logo=tailwind-css)](https://tailwindcss.com/)
[![React Flow](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Flow-11.10.4-ff0072)](https://reactflow.dev/)
[![IfcOpenShell](https://img.shields.io/badge/IfcOpenShell-0.8.1-blue)](https://ifcopenshell.org/)

<p>A visual node-based tool for working with Industry Foundation Classes (IFC) files</p>

</div>

---

## 📋 Overview

IFC Flow Map provides a graphical interface for viewing, filtering, transforming, and analyzing Building Information Modeling (BIM) data through an intuitive workflow system. Create complex data manipulation pipelines with a simple drag-and-drop interface.

## ✨ Features

- 🔄 **Visual Node-Based Interface** - Create workflows by connecting nodes in a flow diagram
- 🏢 **IFC File Support** - Load and analyze IFC files for BIM data
- 🧩 **Multiple Node Types**:
  - 📁 **IFC Node** - Import IFC files
  - 📐 **Geometry Node** - Extract geometric information
  - 🔍 **Filter Node** - Filter elements based on properties
  - 🔄 **Transform Node** - Apply transformations to elements
  - 👁️ **Viewer Node** - Visualize 3D models
  - 📏 **Quantity Node** - Extract quantity information
  - 🏷️ **Property Node** - Work with element properties and property sets
  - 🔖 **Classification Node** - Manage element classifications
  - 📍 **Spatial Node** - Perform spatial queries
  - 💾 **Export Node** - Export data in various formats (CSV, JSON, IFC)
  - 🔗 **Relationship Node** - Query element relationships
  - 📊 **Analysis Node** - Perform analyses like clash detection
  - 👀 **Watch Node** - Monitor element values
  - ⚙️ **Parameter Node** - Define workflow parameters
- 💾 **Workflow Storage** - Save and load workflows
- ⚡ **Real-time Execution** - Execute workflows and see results immediately
- ⌨️ **Keyboard Shortcuts** - Efficient workflow creation with keyboard shortcuts
- 🔄 **Advanced Property Handling** - Get, set, add, and remove properties in IFC elements
- 📤 **IFC Export** - Export modified IFC files with your property changes
- 🧰 **IfcOpenShell Integration** - Leverage IfcOpenShell 0.8.1 for reliable IFC processing

## 🚀 Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the application.

## 📖 How to Use

1. **Create a New Workflow** - Start with a blank canvas
2. **Add Nodes** - Drag and drop nodes from the sidebar
3. **Connect Nodes** - Create connections between node inputs and outputs
4. **Load IFC Files** - Use an IFC node to import your BIM data
5. **Configure Node Properties** - Set properties in the properties panel
6. **Execute Workflow** - Run the workflow to see results
7. **Save Your Workflow** - Save workflows for later use

### 🛠️ Working with IFC Properties

1. **Get Properties** - Use the Property Node with "Get" action to extract properties like "IsExternal" from walls
2. **Set Properties** - Modify existing properties or add new ones with the "Set" action
3. **Connect Property Nodes** - Chain property operations by connecting nodes
4. **Export Modified IFC** - Use the Export Node with "ifc" format to save your changes

## 📚 Technical Details

- **Web-Based Processing** - All IFC processing happens client-side using WebAssembly
- **IfcOpenShell Integration** - Uses IfcOpenShell 0.8.1 via Pyodide for robust IFC handling
- **Property Management** - Comprehensive property handling across property sets (Psets) and quantities
- **JSON-Based IFC Model** - Efficient conversion between IFC and JSON for manipulation

## 📜 License

[![License: AGPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-AGPL_v3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0)

This project is licensed under the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (AGPL-3.0). This means:

- You are free to use, modify, and distribute this software
- If you modify the software, you must distribute your modifications under the same license
- If you run a modified version of this software on a server that others can interact with, you must make the source code available to them

See the [GNU AGPL-3.0 License](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.en.html) for more details.

## 📚 Learn More

To learn more about the technologies used:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [React Flow Documentation](https://reactflow.dev/docs/introduction/)
- [Radix UI Documentation](https://www.radix-ui.com/docs/primitives/overview/introduction)
- [IfcOpenShell Documentation](https://blenderbim.org/docs-python/)

## 🚀 Deployment

Deployed on [Vercel](https://vercel.com/), the platform from the creators of Next.js.

[![Deployed on Vercel](https://img.shields.io/badge/Deployed_on-Vercel-black?logo=vercel)](https://vercel.com/)

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
